W-110672814 ACM improve branded emails troubleshooting jh (#271)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshooting-approved-members-not-created-or-emailed.adoc

= Approved Members Not Created or Emailed
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images/

> 

Reviewer: why is this all in italics?

> If your Winter '20 Salesforce organization has the member approval workflow active, and approving a member and refreshing the screen removes the member from the list without creating the new user or sending the new user email, troubleshoot by either setting the approver's language to English or adding the approver's language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Winter '20 Salesforce organization has the member approval workflow active, and approving a member and refreshing the screen removes the member from the list without creating the new user or sending the new user email, set either the approver's language to English or add the approver's language.
```

To set the approver's language to English, configure the approver user in the `SelfRegister` component and set the locale to English.

To add the approver's language:

. Open Salesforce setup.

> . Open company settings.

Reviewer: Are "company settings" and "language settings" actual UI elements? If so, they should be bold. Same for other settings in this group of steps

. Open language settings.

> . Enable the appropriate languages and locales by enabling end-user languages, enabling platform-only languages, or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable the appropriate languages and locales by enabling end-user languages, enabling platform-only languages, or enabling both.
```
